Acid Splash (conjuration cantrip) /nCasting time 1 action, Range 60 ft, Components V S, Duration Instantaneous /nChoose one creature, or choose two creatures that are within 5 feet of each other, within range. A target must succeed on a Dexterity save or take 1d6 acid damage. This spell's damage increases by 1d6 when you reach 5th, 11th, and 17th level. 
Blade Ward (abjuration cantrip) /nCasting time 1 action, Range Self, Components V S, Duration 1 round /nUntil the end of your next turn, you have resistance against bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage dealt by weapons. 
Booming Blade (evocation cantrip) /nCasting time 1 action, Range 5 ft, Components V M (weapon), Duration 1 round /nMake a melee attack with a weapon against a creature. On hit, the target suffers the attack's normal effects and if it willingly moves before the end of your next turn, it takes 1d8 thunder damage and the spell ends. At 5th level, the melee attack deals an extra 1d8 thunder damage, and the moving damage increases to 2d8. Both damages increase by 1d8 at 11th and 17th level. 
Chill Touch (necromancy cantrip) /nCasting time 1 action, Range 120 ft, Components V S, Duration 1 round /nMake a ranged spell attack. On hit, the target takes 1d8 necrotic damage and can't regain hit points until the start of your next turn. If you hit an undead target, it also has disadvantage on attack rolls against you until the end of your next turn. This spell's damage increases by 1d8 when you reach 5th, 11th, and 17th level. 
Control Flames (transmutation cantrip) /nCasting time 1 action, Range 60 ft, Components S, Duration Instantaneous /nChoose a nonmagical flame that you see and fits in a 5-foot cube. You affect it in one of the following ways: 1) You expand the flame 5 feet in one direction if fuel is present in the new location. /n2) You extinguish the flames within the cube. /n3) You double or halve the area of bright light and dim light cast by the flame, change its color, or both. The change lasts for 1 hour. /n4) You cause simple shapes to appear within the flames and animate as you like. The shapes last for 1 hour. /nIf you cast this spell multiple times, you can have up to three of its non-instantaneous effects active at a time, and you can dismiss an effect as an action. 
Create Bonfire (conjuration cantrip) /nCating time 1 action, Range 60 ft, Components V S, Duration Conc. up to 1 min /nA magic bonfire fills a 5-foot cube. Any creature in the fire's space must pass a Dexterity save or take 1d8 fire damage. A creature must also make the save when it moves into the bonfire's space or ends its turn there. The bonfire ignites flammable objects in its area that aren't being worn or carried. The spell's damage increases by 1d8 when you reach 5th, 11th, and 17th level. 
Dancing Lights (evocation cantrip